You look so wild, who are you looking for?
Miss me and come to Zhou Sanitary
Miss oops, what a beautiful name
My name is Lee Myung-joon.
It's the same for me if you have something to do, Li Mingjun
This is not Zhou Tingting's little comb.
Framed the original sound and hooked him up
The scum that ruined the original sound?
I know I'm so handsome, no woman doesn't love me
Miss me and take you for a walk
You can have anything you want.
Hahaha
Looks like you caught a lot of water at the pig farm
I thought I was a pig farm
you
quietly
What's wrong? I have a cold.
What's wrong?
It's okay, it's just a little hot, you sit first
Eat canned yellow peaches to relieve the heat
It was delicious.
Excuse me?
Understand, it's sweet
What about women with deeper hands?
I told her after the play